All right welcome back.
The students in this lecture we're going to work with they create file just so that way we can start
creating users.
But before we do that let's actually check the database real quick to see if we need other columns here
or any other roles.
So let's go to call hacking real quick and let's go to BHB admin.
All right.
Let's go to that database and let's check the users we can see that we have the roll ID.
That would be useful to actually show the roll of the user and to see.
And also the active part of it.
I think that would be very useful to do that.
We don't have anything else here that we need right now.
All right so let's actually do that real quick.
So let's after e-mail I think it would be useful to do it after the here and we use a roll and we'll
say active.
All right.
So we've got to actually build a little system for this.
All right
.
I'm going to actually
take it all the way here.
All right.
OK.
All right so they're all of the users so we're going to use Groll name.
All right.
Let's go back.
Already show you how to do that guys.
We're pulling out the owner.
All right.
And remember instead of using the methods a lot of it allows us to use properties.
So that's cool.
We have to actually create a we have a rule for that.
Age just went to though this I
have to push this a little bit because we need to roll ideas well be active.
So after all
we have to do it over a little bit of validation here or out indication right.
All right we're going to find out if these users active.
All right.
So we're going to say if user as a matter of fact I'm going to show you.
Let's do it in one line here guys.
All right.
So we're going to use itinerary here.
Condition of Clarabelle blade the 10:3 ternary.
So we're going to see if the user.
I want you to display user is and this is a prop. active marae
display that if it's there actually I mean see if it's user active equals
equals.
One thing that we could do that we can say active.
OK.
Yeah that's the way we set it up over there.
And if the user it's not active if it's zero then we're going to say inactive.
OK.
I was trying to figure out if it was 0 or 1 if we that we set up in our database.
So if we go back here let's just double check.
OK.
These guys active in one means active and 0 means it's not.
So here this is the same thing as using the temporary in the BHB native BHB.
Right but we use in blades that are doing echo we are actually using blate to do that.
So if the user is active is equal to one of these properties active is equal to one we are going to
display active.
If it's not that's what the calling is we're going to say it's not active.
All right.
So let's just refresh real quick as you can see the user is active.
All right cool.
So now let's go back and create the other page that we need actually is already created polishers.
Make sure that we are extending this man
content
stop.
And this is where we're going to be creating users this is going to be a really exciting lecture right
here.
A couple lectures.
All right so.
And create loops.
Let's actually look at the
route so let's clear this out.
BHP areason route list.
All right.
So there you or I for this would be I mean you'd just create.
OK I misspelled that.
That's what he's saying there.
So if we go to the controller real quick there we go you probably.
You guys probably saw that before I even did it.
There you go.
All right so we got this page started.
Well the next lecture we're going to work a lot on this forum right.
So really get really excited because you're going to be learning really cool stuff in the next lecture
.
OK.
So wake up get your coffee ready.
If you don't have it or your natural energy drink.
Let's get started on the next lecture.
Take care.